[Music]
another week deeper into spring another
dose of cabin fever dreams welcome back
friends I'm glad you can make it tonight
we're going to dig into something I've
had stored in my spring cleaning closet
for a while and it's quite a special
little case I've been holding on to but
before we do that it's best to
acknowledge that right now we all could
use a lot more access to a lot more
media especially the stuff we sworn up
and down will eventually get to I like
pumping out content but even I'm getting
a little worn out at the moment and I'm
going to need a reprieve with new
content to binge cabin fever is real
this year go figure
and I'm going to share a secret with you
to get through it assisted by some cool
new friends of mine who were sponsoring
this video
crunchyroll that's right senpai noticed
me and now I'm gonna show them off I
don't know what it is about spring but
it just feels really great for a linge
around and loading up a show I've never
seen with the windows open and an iced
coffee this spring especially is the
best moment for it and crunchyroll is
your ultimate opportunity to make it
great and have a memorable experience
they are miracle for people like me who
needed to try five different ways to
find anime in years past
crunchyroll has built up an ever-growing
library of countless titles both subbed
and opt available at free in 1080p HD
and accessible on all devices including
smart TVs and if it's a currently
running anime they have access to new
episodes suggest one hour after airing
in Japan which is unheard of but what
could someone like me be watching on
crunchyroll I'm glad you asked because I
have legitimate recommendations first of
all for every single one of you who has
ever said you know I should really get
around to watching Death Note
crunchyroll has it in full that's the
subtitle version and that the English
version so now you have no excuse and
I'm recommending at first because one
it's Death Note 2 it's the enemy that
got me into my spring anime watching
habit and 3 it's the first show that I
ever binge watched there was an entire
period in April of 2012 dominated by
Death Note and I loved every second of
it everything awesome that and may could
be for people like us begins with Death
Note watch it and if you've already seen
Death Note or want some new stuff
approved by yours truly I've got two
great choices depending on your mood
if you want pure horror and suspense
watch the promised Neverland a new anime
that is wonderfully deceptive in its
appearance this one is for the serious
moods and the nights you want to feel
goosebumps
but if you are in more of a
light-hearted and thoughtful mood watch
mob psycho 100
. i'll say it right now if i could get
away with it i would make a whole video
on mob psycho 100 and I'm not even that
kind of channel it's hilarious
it's subversive it's entirely self-aware
when it comes to the whole field of
anime it's empathetic to the audience
and it's just plain awesome it's made by
the same writer as one punch man and
you'll catch a few smart references in
the show the art is unique it plays with
its form all the time even to the point
of characters reacting to it the voice
acting is so much fun that I would take
voice training from the guy who plays
Rican it really is fantastic if you've
never watched anime seriously mob psycho
100 would get you on board and welcome
you and with a smile a wink and a pat on
the back
right now crunchyroll is offering a free
trial of premium for 14 days that's two
full weeks that I've been using whatever
device you like and get HD viewing at
free just go to crunchyroll.com slash
night mind or click on the link in the
video description
that's crunchyroll.com slash night mind
and you can join me in my springtime
habit seriously if you're curious at all
even if it's just to see Death Note i
last signup watch it and come back here
to the comments section to tell me what
you think thanks to crunchyroll for
sponsoring this video
and in general for existing now let's
get into something else that comes to
mind for me every spring for very
different reasons their creators and
groups in the unfixing arg an online art
scene that are well enough known the
most recognizable among them right now
would of course be wham city comedy
we're always up to something and have
brought us plenty of projects but well
before them came a group that kicked off
the habit of art collectors messing
around online for big results synod i'm
sanna tine see nadine will call it's a
nadine has been active since 2007 and
seemed to cease operation in 2013 their
history is one of the weirdest and most
disruptive chapters of online art
projects the Rice's and I began with a
video project that some of you might
already know this is my Milwaukee
this is mine Milwaukee this is my
Milwaukee this is my money this is my
Milwaukee - why not make it yours
[Music]
[Applause]
this is my Milwaukee as you may already
suspect is a fake travel promotion led
by this gentleman in a tan suit terry
nanny we're not going to watch every
little second of this ten-minute video
but we'll flip through the good stuff
Milwaukee's been getting a lot of press
recently not all of it good
surely you know what I'm referring to
but the story that's not being reported
is that of a vibrant city getting better
every day
family's good jobs culture
high-technology still not convinced join
me for a closer look
Milwaukee come for the weekend stay for
life when asked by a Duke where best to
make his home Voltaire replied plant
your family tree in the soil of the Arts
Voltaire would feel right at home in
Milwaukee at the recently renovated to
go to Museum Center you can sample
artworks from across America while the
kids hang out in the activity place
when you're done stop by the courtyard
for alfresco dining at 4 breezy OHS the
museum centers in-house cafe and grill
Fabrizio's caters to every palate with
entrees ranging from the great American
hamburger to the Italian classic lasagna
[Music]
fancy a night of music under the stars
check out the Milwaukee seasonal Pops
Orchestra and their celebrated medley
Hollywood glitz why not join the
cultural Renaissance yourself tryout for
the Broadway big shots
Milwaukee's premier theater troupe
[Music]
working
hammers
sweating
power
[Music]
Circuit's review verify bonus under
but life in Milwaukee isn't all hard
work sometimes you just wanna Milwaukee
get up and dance
[Music]
with containment and decontamination
well underway young professionals are
flocking back to mill walking nightlife
is thriving is though nothing ever
happened
need proof try getting a table at a
popular downtown club there's a hot spot
for every taste it seems bohemian poetry
clubs masculine sport bars lounges for
swinging couples even oriental
restaurants so don't worry the walk is
full of places to meet that special guy
or gal if you know what to look to have
sex with things other than humans
like the other young professionals in
Milwaukee mark and Sally spend their
days at Black Star was that the quittin
whistle time to hit for the canning
district order that second margarita
Milwaukee margaritas substitutes of
vermouth for tequila
now dance a little closer
the streetcar shuffle was invented in
the canning district
[Music]
desi well don't worry this isn't
important it's a psychic some
professionals demand the best
that's why Milwaukee's building new and
completely fortified apartments central
air hardwood floors
great views Class G certified Milwaukee
step up to the streets
hey teens you're moving to Milwaukee
it's America's 22nd largest city its
chief export is Black Sea
no look is an awesome town for teens
skateboarding hamburgers Church toys you
can hoop it up with your friends as long
as you follow a few simple instructions
and stay out of sector 21 years have
rules rule 1 traveling groups wherever
you go rule 2 never leave home without
your rebreather and a flare gun and rule
3 if your party is being chased by God
seed fragments make your way to the
nearest structure rated class K or a
greater don't worry all our schools are
rated at least Class L and talked about
school spirit
since we're still repopulate in the
classrooms there plenty of opportunities
to get involved
throw them to the gods eat fresh
the kids seem excited Milwaukee a place
for staying take a moment to remember
before
weren't you proud of your town I don't
blame you for leaving when things got
rough and Blackstar doesn't either but
now it's time to rebuild and repopulate
for the next six months black star is
giving all former residents the chance
to start again on us we're offering a
relocation stipend of 5,000 dark dollars
plus two four years of black star
housing a place for possibility a place
for staying reunion Milwaukee was filled
with hope when Black Star came to town
they promised jobs jobs for everyone
their money fixed roads and opened
hospitals when Black Star announced
project God's seed even the mayor didn't
question it black star said we needed a
new God so we began to build we were so
busy finishing the project that we
didn't notice nature withering around us
we never asked to whom this new God
would pray we had to destroy Milwaukee
to save it and the survivors buried the
remnants of God's seed in a sarcophagus
deep beneath the canning district it was
their hope that this Pharaohs burial
would keep him asleep for all times no
expense was spared an emerald casket a
golden map a forgotten weapon but don't
even think about going after the riches
the tomb is buried under thousands of
tons of concrete I don't care how many
tons if there's riches I'll find them I
hope you're not planning to dig they're
a treasure hunter or what's it to you I
don't believe in monsters anyway and
besides he's supposed to be dead well
it's not that simple
you know how trees lose their leaves in
winter right yeah well those leaves
regrow in the spring and I feel the
seasons may be changing
I came to Milwaukee for adventures not
lessons now you're gonna help me are you
gonna stand in my way you remind me of
someone treasure hunter take this thanks
Jerry
I'll buy you a hamburger when I get back
[Applause]
[Music]
see
[Applause]
[Music]
and the way
just mean any uh
ah
yeah
not blacks I'm glad you found me Terry I
thought it was toast
here's your ball back kid now for a Sun
dunk of my own
[Music]
well that was an experience so what did
we learn about Milwaukee a while back a
company named black star came to the
city promising jobs jobs and more jobs
and they did a lot for the area with
their money and resources then they
began working on project God's seed
because apparently they could invent a
god and felt that people needed that so
they did but it was a disaster and they
had to destroy Milwaukee berry all the
pieces of the project and now they're
trying to get people to move back while
fighting what remains of their failure
with God's seed fragments you may also
have noticed the recurrence of this
weird thing looks like an overgrown
onion right there colouring activity
sheets with the image of this odd plant
early in the video with a statement
these belong underground where are yours
one of the sheets has writing on it I am
nine years old my father was taken by
black star for a problem he did
I am sorry black star then there's this
moment during the working segment so
yeah if you see this thing bear it
because it's probably a piece of God
seed this is my Milwaukee wasn't
originally on YouTube it had its own
website Mont up has being part of the
Milwaukee tourists and commissions
internet presence now let's give a quick
cheer to the unfixing forms of old and
Arg nan who covered the process for how
this is my Milwaukee develop from there
because this Arg net article describing
actions by in fiction members is all we
have to follow the storyline along with
the accidental lucky strike of a wiki
made just for this project it starts
with the contact information on the site
either by phone or by email you would be
directed to a fictional Milwaukee
Tourism Commission who would stay in
character and offer information packets
by email concerning black star hidden in
the code for the website was a link to a
YouTube video with an encoded title
decoding it led to the New York Public
Library where the call number in the
video a I 3 point 8 23 was for a book
that held a sheet of paper showing this
plant revealed to be a fennel bulb
included was a phone number calling that
phone number led to the director of
Milwaukee Tourism Commission Michael
Lewis the user on the unfix inform named
citrus reported their call saying they
were told about junior reseeding
positions which were team based and
gender separated around the same time
someone found a press release on some
news web sites from the Milwaukee
Tourism Commission
which is quite the extra step to take
for something like this the press
release sites microcell the
vice-president of development and
mentions how the new tourism commission
has private investors surely after this
came the information packets titled
Milwaukee a reasonable Haven this
booklet is quite a trip
here's the introduction settlers have
always taken risks to get rewards open
land new animals adventurers and sites
now your settler no one said it would be
easy but you're already past the hardest
part realizing you deserve a better life
now comes the second hardest part
defending yourself from the many gone
seed fragments you'll encounter in the
desert but just think how you'll feel
when you step through Milwaukee's East
Gate a new home a steady job improving
infrastructure avoiding rebels not
unreasonable taxation continued Godsey
fragment attacks so what are you waiting
for settler we're excited to meet you do
not enter through the north gate Anna
tape melon mayor the first few pages
reveal that this information packet is
not final it was a working draft sent
out too early there are some jokes in
here in some items of note like the
incentives table which can award you a
personal lunch with a mayor and the
black star sort of slaying if you're
part of power class 40 or above or
whatever that means
the rest of the book feels like a lot of
sporadic world building really stressing
the idea then not only does black star
run the show and needs people to and
listen their God seed fighting efforts
but it's almost as if this version of
Milwaukee is an RPG the booklet does
contain one thing however on this page
with the Old English workers tale we
have the phrase Chuck did he eat right
after a line referencing Twitter and
tweet this produced a Twitter account
Chuck did e following this guy from the
video he's a foodie going around
Milwaukee to try to restaurants and
eating spots this activity led to a
night at a dinner party described in a
long flow of tweets which followers of
the game suspected was actually hinting
at a dead drop in Cafe Gratitude located
in San Francisco players who were
looking found an envelope with part of a
map inside which was meant to be
combined with an existing segment sent
by fax to another player at random
around the same time from New York City
taking both pieces and a third
which was found on a secret page from
the website players generated a full map
to be used with page 26 of the booklet
containing a table that would guide them
into the doleful city it was realized
with all this information then act 2
would take place on January 17th 3:00
p.m. in New York at Central Park with
the meeting place at a spot matching the
treasure hunters intervention in the
video that got all sorts of crazy
connected right amazing so what happened
well a bunch of members of unfixing came
together on that day and met at the spot
with one of them actually filming the
process which is an awesome resource to
have now a man named Joey from the
Missouri Tourism Commission showed up
gave them post cards and family trees
and passed one member trophy from the
champion dynasty fund a lot of
questioning unfolds concerning the world
build of this alternate universe
Milwaukee with Joey answering faithfully
he also informs the group about the
importance of the V formation to counter
the power run along with shouting bonus
while holding a family tree workers may
take any appearance including one that
may disguise their true nature Joey
decides to leave the assembled group on
a brief walk where he mentions that the
key to effectively utilizing the
champion dynasty fun trophy lies in the
wielder shouting bone up at the target
everything is interrupted when a worker
is spotted from across the clearing he
is the only man in Central Park wearing
short sleeves and indeed he is decked
out in a button-down collared shirt and
slacks
Joey quickly Huddle's the allies behind
a tree and distributes family trees
everyone readying a counter-attack to
the anticipated power run the worker
ends up attacking and the unfix inform
members use the Bonus technique as well
as a bow knob disabling the enemy ready
ready like me
[Applause]
the answer throwing money at the group
and runs away with Joey chasing hem the
co left on the money indicates their
next clue is at 888 a fav Anu it turns
out to be an ice-cream shop where the
three young professionals in the video
are hanging out when they see the
players they run away leaving behind a
small code book it's a journal from a
character who works for black star Mars
Madison who helped players online
finished the map the diary went to
coated revealed that Terry nany was the
head of black stars communications
department and black star also caused an
outage as propaganda that seems to refer
to a power outage as a previous message
mentions black stars control over energy
policy so then what happened if I knew
it would bring comfort to a lot of
people who play this as my Milwaukee
because apparently the game just stopped
cold right there the wiki have been
consulting hasn't no further information
and to confirm I rolled the dice a few
times on the Internet wayback machine to
access the on fiction forum topics in
March of 2009 just a month and a half
after the diary drop in New York we get
this topic recommendations for Timor's
looking for a new game I know Tim this
is my Milwaukee drew a lot of new people
myself included to unfix in and large
scale Arg participation since Tim is a
bit comatose at the moment I'd love some
other puzzles to wrap my brain around
then in September of 2009 another who
else keeps coming back I'm assuming
everyone has moved on but does anyone
else still check this every now and then
unrealistically hoping that something
new will be here
my very first Arg and it never even
finished all that work all that effort
all that money and planning and it
somehow dropped dead no one could have
predicted that as quickly as it had
risen up this is my Milwaukee just
stopped
then with one chapter begun and not even
legitimately finished Synod I moved on
to chapter 2 of their history in 2010
with the YouTube based on today
pronunciation book on April 14 2010 the
first video was uploaded he then made
its way through non assortment of words
and names in alphabetical order many of
them related to popular culture at the
time like Ke$ha and Justin Bieber and
Nike this behavior didn't last long
changing to reflect any variety of words
regardless of order and then
experiencing a new phase relating
phrases starting with the most
concerning how to ask for help in
English which said please help me escape
from this place this is the moment that
traction began to rise for pronunciation
book since it was an unusual and at
times hilarious move it then became
frankly odd hinting at a connective
tissue through statements like we might
still be together if we hadn't gone on
that mission
she is the finest regulator I've ever
worked with Don knows what happened on
the riverboat and you can't understand
what it's like to be stuck here it went
back to normal for bed and then on July
9 2013
it's a guitar something is going to
happen in 77 days I've been trying to
tell you something for 1183 days
something is going to happen in 76 days
I'm awake now things are clearing up I'm
not saying the words anymore something
is going to happen in 75 days videos
continuing the countdown were uploaded
each day after that attracting sudden
massive attention online meanwhile on
Twitter
a similar account was active under the
name horse ebooks originally a Twitter
spam bot designed by a Russian to make
money off of spam links it gained
attention by trying to fight Twitter's
detection systems by including on
statements people found absurdly funny
curiosity about an increase in September
of 2014 when news broke that someone at
BuzzFeed named Jacob Aquila had tracked
down the account on her and taken horse
ebooks a few years prior now here's
where these two meets how to pronounce
horse ebooks
horse ebooks horse ebooks horse ebooks
it's morning in cyberspace and the
systems are in love a spambot in a
channel
what would the parents think together
again it's all just data in the net but
we are just getting started there is a
man named Dalton Dalton is dangerous he
is rich he is strong and he is going to
crash the stock market sidewalks crack
and streets go dark 10,000 bankers shake
and scream for Dalton's pyramid where
are the regulator's that's where you
come in I've been trying to tell you
something for five years you're in the
elevator you're right on time like a
regulator should be you are a beautiful
system this is the world we're in and
this is what is happening what's that -
everyone is singing you are first-class
you are ready and you are the regulator
who will see the shining data in the
stars of Bear Stearns Bravo
Bear Stearns Bravo that same day horse
ebooks issued a tweet sharing that video
a phone number and the name Bear Stearns
Bravo the phone number when called would
be answered by Jacob bacala and Thomas
bender are the members of Sinha Dean who
rent a horse ebooks tweet and then hung
up Bear Stearns Bravo was provided as a
link in the video description of the
final upload on pronunciation book
encouraging viewers to play but what was
Bear Stearns Bravo have a look
some people think that the market can't
think for itself
those are the same kind of goody-goody
px who take that breakfast cereal with
soy milk instead of boiling water
still don't get it is there a weird
feeling in your stomach or an odd taste
in your mouth
check out this join page from the Bear
Stearns proper website the regulators
are illegal tourists in LA's deadliest
zone finesse your way through the gilded
corridors Franco or / all the bullies of
East free trade as Henry on LA's black
market everything's for sale
ancient secrets combat mortgages and
love you'll access all the data through
Bravo net a revolutionary computer
network with full text message boards
and personalized interactive modules
news sports stock quotes romance
download it all on Bravo net we're
waiting for you you then fill out your
information and choose whether to play a
banker or regulator for the story which
is about a futuristic 90 cd-rom game
style art project about the 2008 housing
crisis yes seriously
Bear Stearns was a real Bank that was
deeply involved in the securities fraud
wave that brought down the market in
2008 and sent the economy spiraling into
a recession they collapsed during the
breakdown and were effectively forced
into a sale to JP Morgan Chase by the
government that is what this was all
leading up to that's when all the
excitement and teasing was about an Arg
for a comedic sci-fi take on the very
recent and very unappealing 2008 housing
crisis when interviewed by Vice about
the reveals on pronunciation book in
horse ebooks Sena Dean had this to say
we consider ourselves principally video
artists with some emphasis on conceptual
and performance art were influenced by
data and the amount of information we
create these days or see ebooks is
connected intimately to Bear Stearns
Bravo
it's a personage in that world and so is
pronunciation book some of this is a
reaction to corporate personhood and
what it would mean if these things were
people with horse ebooks and
pronunciation book what would it mean if
they fell in love that's what we're
trying to do with Bear Sterns
let people feel the emotions of banking
it's also about mythologizing the
financial collapse of 2007 to 2008 which
I feel is really important and hasn't
been investigated too heavily yet
there's no coherent response I'm going
to give you a second to let this sink
in' and while it happens I'd like you to
imagine being someone who followed
pronunciation books countdown only to
get this as the big reveal now I want
you to imagine finding out the group
responsible was the very same who ran
this is my Milwaukee which you played
faithfully only does he suddenly
abandoned with no explanation got the
feeling good here are the top comments
from the horse ebooks video on
pronunciation guide assuring in Bear
Stearns Bravo so this channel was just
an elaborate advertisement for some
silly game how to pronounce big
disappointment one year later still
disappointed I come back to this video
every once in a while just to make sure
if thumbed it down
yes it's almost two months later and I'm
still mad and finally the cherry on top
this is one of the rare YouTube videos
that has a negative approval rating with
1,500 more dislikes than likes I can
also tell you that during the day this
happened I was in a threat on a forum
speculating what was about to go down
and when it finally came the reactions
were much more negative because it was
in a space not moderated by YouTube
filters no one not a single soul was
asking for a comedy sci-fi Arg about the
criminals who helped destroy the housing
market and made it impossible for
millions of people to achieve the
American dream of owning a home
nobody wanted to even hear the name Bear
Stearns anymore
no one wanted that tragedy mythologized
and there weren't any people who wanted
to feel the emotions of banking or see a
spambot fall in love with a youtube
channel polygon com did a summary of the
game for anyone who was sincerely
confused about what it just happened
which was most people and it gets worse
that game is fittingly a bizarre take at
the fictional 31st century version of
banking firm Bear Stearns in which the
player a bank regulator and his partner
must gather evidence for the bank's
surprise midnight trial it's all set in
full motion video offering the player
dialog choices or the option to arrest
whoever they're talking to at set
junctions the first impact of Bear
Sterns Bravo was free the second impact
cost $7 to excess and also unlocks full
text message boards and personalized
interactive modules and news sports
stock quotes romance that's right
everything mentioned in the Bravo net
section of this page was initially
rolled out as a paid for expansion a
giant bait and switch Arg about money
obsessed villains pulling a fast one was
bringing people in for free and then
showing them an exclusive paid option
for message board access granted the
effort to make Bear Sterns Bravo
reportedly involved over 100 people so
they needed some kind of way to break
even from their expenses I understand
that completely but to go through all of
that for Bear Stearns Bravo and for $7 a
person offering this I was there to
witness the reactions on the final
YouTube video and in a four
without a filter there has never been a
bigger ghost and in back of a horse and
hit it with a book moments in the
history of Arg and as the feedback port
in the members of Cinna Dean said in a
small room in New York City
picking up phones to read out horsey
book tweets that all took place in
September of 2013 they have not been
heard of since to this day no one really
understands what happened here not with
this as my Milwaukee not with the amount
of yes good this is a smart idea
conversations that must have happened
for Bear Stearns Bravo
not with Cinna Tyne after the fact
nothing art is subjective and if you
really believe in an idea or project you
gotta go for it even if some people are
going to roll their eyes or just not get
it it's the truth
even if it's going to be a low audience
turnout or some people will call it a
failure you have to do what you must
and don't let Hell itself stop you we
get some of the best stuff at times
because people dare to go forward and be
fancy-pants high-concept artists those
are some of my favorite people and
personal inspirations if you're
compelled screw what I think or anybody
else go make your project and give it
your all but at the same time my mind is
still reeling with the question why Bear
Sterns Bravo why no one even for a
moment really considered what an
explosive deflation this was going to be
at the end of the most mysterious
countdown to hippy internet in years and
to give people the emotion of banking
and to mythologize the 2008 housing
crisis you didn't think this might go
over like a lead balloon seriously on
the positive side the media they created
for Bear Stearns Bravo is really cool
they clearly put a lot of time and
effort into it this execution though and
the dedication to such a concept I can't
wrap my head around it I'll always
remember the way the internet reacted
and I'll never forget what I felt when I
was tricked into being excited for an
Arg in the form of an oversaturated
lecture finger wagging at a group of
suited clowns we'd all happily Ferg I
and we hate it nobody feels anything
about banking or securities markets
except when they're mad
or fearful why would you design a whole
interactive experience around it I felt
like I had been exposed to an online
project written by political cartoonists
and that's just awful nobody wants that
taste in their mouth
Sinnott I'd have some brilliance to them
they truly do you need to be brilliant
to do the things they've done from the
entirety of this is my Milwaukee to the
success of horse ebooks and
pronunciation book and all that
technical work involved in Bear Stearns
Bravo I wouldn't call any of their
projects failures if they had separated
Bear Stearns Bravo from horse ebooks and
pronunciation book made it completely
its own thing with its own trail hats
and remove the name of the real company
who helped bring down the economy it
wouldn't have imploded like that but to
work everybody up and perform this
nonsensical bait and switch while
letting players eventually work out that
both accounts have human type characters
in the game as your grant I am no no no
no no no energy loves to play the gotcha
card and reveal the intellectual
property under the mask but this is so
not how it's done
Sinha Dean is quite the odd art
collective often praised and maligned
known for the biggest moment in the
field of falling right off the balance
beam and for making a major first
impression that they also failed to
finish their work is a series of fever
dreams and so is their history but their
potential and ability is without
question I wouldn't be surprised to see
them return someday and if they do I'll
be right nearby to cheer them on they
can do it I know they can thanks for
joining me tonight everyone I've wanted
to tell the cinah dine story for a while
but haven't quite caught the moment
until now major thanks to my supporters
on patreon who get a load of digital
goods starting at just two dollars a
month and empower me to keep bringing
you stories like this you can join them
right now to get exclusive videos during
the patreon night mine community and get
your name in the credits of every major
video which you'll witness yourself in
just a moment and if you're not into
patreon or can't sign up there's always
my pop ace where most patreon exclusive
videos are uploaded for free after the
patrons have had premier viewing this
method costs nothing just a single short
ad view of 30 seconds or less to unlock
and then it's uninterrupted viewing for
the life of the video
got over two hours of content on there
right now and we'll be adding more all
the time
so be on the lookout and while you're
there feel free to check out the games
quizzes pics and more that's all for now
everyone thanks for joining me in the
talk again this evening for another
episode of camp and fever dreams big
shout out once more to our friends at
crunchyroll for the sponsor remember to
check them out through my link in the
description and let me know what you're
watching in the comments I'm Nick
Nocturne and I'll be seeing you again
real soon take care and sleep tight
[Music]